> Overflow
  In Box Model of CSS (Example: <div>),
  
  - IF we dont set width
      and height,
    THEN the width will be set to 100% (because its default display:block nature of <div>),
      and the height will be depend on the content of the Box.
  
  - IF we set width to certain pixel (with default display:block)
      and leave height unset,
    THEN the width will be equal to that certain pixel,
      and the height will depend on the content of the Box.

  - IF we set width to certain pixel (with default display:block)
      and set height to certain pixel (with default display:block),
    THEN the width will be equal to that certain pixel,
      and the height will be equal to that certain pixel.
      BUT the content will shown fully overlaps (overflow) the size of width and height,
      MEANS that the content will fully shown but the size still like the defined size,
        so the next element (E.g. <div>) in HTML document will be sit under the overlapped content (it can be a problem).
        
        This state of condition equal to
          overflow : visible (DEFAULT)
        
        We can fix/modify this condition by setting various overlow property's values:
          
          - overflow : hidden
            The content that flow outside the box will be hidden.
            No scrollbar to be shown.
          
          - overflow : scroll
            The content that flow outside the box will be hidden, 
            but the box also offers scrollbar (vertical and horizontal) even if the box does not need scrollbars
            to view those hidden contents.
          
          - overflow : auto
            The content that flow outside the box will be hidden,
            but the box also offers scrollbar (vertical or horizontal or both or none) to view those hidden contents.
            So, in other word it will shows the scrollbar when there is need for scrollbar to appear.

          - overflow : overflow-x
            The content that flow outside the box will be hidden,
            but the box also offers horizontal scrollbar to view horizontal hidden contents.
            The vertical hidden contents will not be shown and will not receive any vertical scrollbar.

          - overflow : overflow-y
            The content that flow outside the box will be hidden,
            but the box also offers vertical scrollbar to view vertical hidden contents.
            The horizontal hidden contents will not be shown and will not receive any horizontal scrollbar.